# I2C controlled High voltage power supply for GM tubes

The device implements an I2C controlled variable output power supply (400V-600V), 
a GM tube pulse counter and an optional wake-up timer to trigger the host processor periodically.

The device was designed to keep the power consumption as low as possible. 

See the detailed Users Manual in the doc folder one level up. 

# Building the application

The BL can be built with the free version of the Microchip XC8 compiler. 
The related Makefile is exported from the MPLAB IDE. 
The software can be compiled with executing the _make_ command.

There are two build targets: 
* the _default_ target will link the application from the start address 0, 
so it can be uploaded by a debugger.
* the _reloc_ target will link to 0x400 and it is meant for uploading via the 
[I2C Boot loader](https://github.com/molnarkares/pic16f_i2cbl).


Observe that the software was developed on Linux host. a number of path settings
in the Makefile might require adjustment to rebuild it on other host OSes.

# License

## Code written by the Author

The complete business logic is written by the Author and it is available under MIT license.

## Generated code

The low level device drivers are generated by the Microchip MPLAB Code Configurator.
The generated code has its own copyright in the header of the concerned files.
These include the following files:
_tmr1-2-3-5.c/h_, _pin_manager.c/h_, _memory.c/h_, _mcc.c/h_, _i2c.c/h_, clc1-2.c/h and _interrupt_manager.h_  